README.md, before:

# CoopBoardSenderInfo
 A browser extension to collect and copy the data in the job contact section on the Laurier co-op board.

#How to use
 1. Download all files and put them in a folder.
 2. Go to your browser extensions. (Look for the three dots at the top then navigate to "Extensions", or find a puzzle piece up at the URL bar)
 3. Click "Manage Extensions".
 4. Toggle "Developer Mode" on. (Find it in the top left corner)
 5. Click "Load unpacked".
 6. Select the folder containing downloaded files.
  (Note: All previous steps might be skippable if I packed this correctly but I probably did not do that.)
 7. Pin the extension to your browser bar.
 8. Go to navigator and select a posting.
 9. Click on the pinned extension.
 10. Verify contact info is correct.
 11. Click "Copy to Clipboard" and paste your nicely formatted contact info!

#Copy formatting
 The default formatting is as follows:
 ----------------------------
 FirstName LastName
 Contact Title
 Address
 City, Province PostalCode

 Dear Salutation LastName,
 ----------------------------
 You can customize this by modifying the format in popup.js if desired.

 Note: This is a roughly made extension that might not work all the time but that's good enough for me so it better be good enough for you.

 Enjoy saving like... 40 seconds!

Commit message:

Updated README for .crx file.

README.md, after:

# CoopBoardSenderInfo
 A browser extension to collect and copy the data in the job contact section on the Laurier co-op board.

#How to use
 (Regular Install)
 1. Download all files and put them in a folder.
 2. Go to your browser extensions. (Look for the three dots at the top then navigate to "Extensions", or find a puzzle piece up at the URL bar)
 3. Click "Manage Extensions".
 4. Toggle "Developer Mode" on. (Find it in the top left corner)
 5. Click "Load unpacked".
 6. Select the folder containing downloaded files.
  (Note: All previous steps might be skippable if I packed this correctly but I probably did not do that.)
 7. Pin the extension to your browser bar.
 8. Go to navigator and select a posting.
 9. Click on the pinned extension.
 10. Verify contact info is correct.
 11. Click "Copy to Clipboard" and paste your nicely formatted contact info!

 (Quick Install) (If your browser doesn't think this is a virus LOL)
 1. Download CoopBoardSenderInfo.crx
 2. Go to your browser extensions.
 3. Click and drag the .crx file onto your browser.
 4. Click the confirm buttons when asked to tell the browser you want this extension installed.
 5. If your browser lets you install the extension, pin the extension to your browser bar.
 6. Go to navigator and select a posting.
 7. Click on the pinned extension.
 8. Verify contact info is correct.
 9. Click "Copy to Clipboard" and paste your nicely formatted contact info!

#Copy formatting
 The default formatting is as follows:
 ----------------------------
 FirstName LastName
 Contact Title
 Address
 City, Province PostalCode

 Dear Salutation LastName,
 ----------------------------
 You can customize this by modifying the format in popup.js if desired.

 Note: This is a roughly made extension that might not work all the time but that's good enough for me so it better be good enough for you.

 Enjoy saving like... 40 seconds!
